Update UI to align with the "Superchain" narrative (#215)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: monitoring.md

# Log Monitoring

> The [log files](configuration.md#file-log-stream) provide a chronological list of all events that happened on a node.

Reviewer: > list of all events 

Here events are something very specific to NodeJS events or module events we specified in our protocol. We rather use different term here. 

```suggestion
The [log files](configuration.md#file-log-stream) provide a chronological list of activities that happened on a node.
```

> These events can be analyzed further in order to provide monitoring for a particular node or for the network in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These activities can be analyzed further in order to provide monitoring for a particular node or for the network in general.
```
